feat: precommit with detekt (#1181)
stellio-hub/stellio-context-broker: README.md

Commits follow the [Conventional Commits specification](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).

### Pre-commit

> The precommit hook use gradle to automatically apply detekt rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pre-commit hook uses gradle to automatically check and apply (when possible automatically) detekt rules.
```

> It will not be able to work if gradle is not in your $path variable

Reviewer: since the script is calling `./gradlew`, I think it is not needed to install Gradle beforehand (it will be done when first calling `gradlew`: https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/gradle_wrapper.html).

> #### With [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) tool : (use python if u don't have python use the manual setup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Automatic setup with [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) tool (if you don't have Python installed, use the manual setup below)
```

- install ```pip install pre-commit```
- then run ```pre-commit install```

> #### Manual setup :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Manual setup
```

> - copy the script in ```config/detekt/detekt.sh``` in your ```.git/pre-commit.sample``` file

Reviewer: when doing it with `pre-commit install`, the hook is installed in `.git/hooks/pre-commit`. should not the script be copied there?
